Now last but not least, many modern IDEs and editors allow you to install extensions. Here in Visual
Studio Code,
you reach that extensions section by going to view and then extensions, the default view which we're
currently in as is the explorer by the way.
Now if we go to extensions, what we see here is a list of enabled extensions I got installed, got a couple
of Angular extensions here because I work with Angular and then a special theme which I installed, Dart
because I did some Flutter and Dart development and a couple of other extensions as well.
Now, you can of course always search for extensions by typing up here or by scrolling through the recommended
ones
and for example what you could do here is you could search for prettier.
It's one extension which we got installed already,
we installed that in module one.
Prettier is an extension that helps you with auto formatting and in my case as I said, I already have
it installed
but if you don't have it installed yet, you can install from here.
Now you can always learn more about extension on this page, you learned how it works, how to use it, how
to configure it, which settings you can adjust
and this therefore allows you to tweak the development experience to your requirements and maybe even
add brand new features to your development environment,
so definitely also utilize this.
My recommendation just would be that you don't install too many extensions because it's easy to add
more and more add more extensions
and at some point of time, your editor might become slow because of all these extensions or you get strange
behaviors, maybe strange auto formatting which you didn't expect because you've got multiple extensions
clashing with each other or extension A changing some configuration of extension B. So don't overdo it
but of course have a look at potential extensions that might help you. With that,
let me go back to the explorer.